 according to a total of 1884 statistics, the british <unk> amp; quot; ed. 83 of the chinese and seven people.
 the provisions of the convention into or into national law, if enacting the provisions of article 4, would allow the article to be implemented.
 during the 1 quarter of 1993, economic performances during the 1 quarter period of 1993 was uneven.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and noted that the candidate should be included in the recruitment of candidates after the consultation exercise.
 the 1 step in the 2 phase of methodology requires the establishment of the grade level as a basis for remuneration comparison.
 according to the gradual development of china's tourism market, the price prices of these scenic areas may continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate in shopping shopping and the street market stalls have been the highest vacancy rate for 5 years.
 it is most difficult for peace-keeping operations as a result of the assumption that there has been significant changes in the year.
 it is necessary to take care of the intentions of the country, not the form of instruments.
 a spokesman said that a spokesman for a spokesperson said that the occupying forces would stay for long periods.
 some of us believe that such action would not be so bad.
 this would be useful to understand the complexity of the issues dealt with by member states.
 in january 1996, the government of the namibian family has become the main non-governmental organization for reproductive health.
 the state party is most suitable for the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 it exercises the powers of the international treaty, so that it is a subject of international law.
 although the current activities are still limited, the scale of space activity is expected to expand.
 therefore, there is a need to conduct an investigation and to do so.
 resources are needed to be sufficient and predictable.
 those who violate the law should be allowed to understand that the international community has taken decisions and action by the united nations.
 parents cannot leave the responsibility of the responsibility of the responsibilities of the responsibilities and teachers.
 " i am delighted to see that one country, two systems ", the people of hong kong enjoy the results of this system.
 on the list of speakers today, the representative of malaysia, mr. he will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the scheme is required to avoid competition with private property market and to maintain different sales of sales.
 we explore the strengthening of strengthening the controls of the united nations to conduct thorough and thorough consultations with the countries concerned.
 according to the provisions of annex i to the basic law, the chief executive was elected by the election election committee.
 if a person is written, the person must pay at least due attention to the installation of the installation of the device.
 it has also established international e-commerce networks, and in october 1998, the 1 foreign trade electronic invitation in october 1998.
 the gdp growth rate in 1996 was revised from 4.0 per cent to 5.0<unk> in 1996.
 after the first visit of the first visit of the first visit, the man's wife and loved edinburgh will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile rejected the strongest protest made by the people's republic of china on 8 june 1996.
 for the reasons stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim in respect of the military volunteer costs are not compensable.
 such appointments should be made by the president of the general assembly with consultations with regional groups.
 over the two countries, there is a long-standing difficulties in both the economies of the republic of belarus and the government of the government of the republic of belarus unable to respond quickly to the organization.
 india is participating in the world trade organization to the world trade organization as a member of the united states transitional service between india and the united states.
 in the warmth, the warmth of the world's family, who decided to choose a cultural and cultural culture.
 however, the committee points out that the service of the state is not an advantage.
 article 54 of the constitution referred to the establishment of a building education system, which will establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury today (december 30) said today (december 30) that the use of the internet should be registered with the banks concerned.
 at the end of mr tsang, he thanked the marine department's department's department's department's department of marine department and other interested parties.
 okay, let's continue to take care of other news.
 at the same time, some of the solutions to those groups require a number of preconditions.
 the 8 tropical cyclone warning was issued on the morning of the morning.
 it was regrettable that the draft prepared for the conference is not in conformity with the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities would like to resolve these problems.
 the official language of the conference include english, russian, french, spanish and spanish this year.
 in the transactions carried out by local trading opponents, a total of 16 per cent and 10 per cent of local financial institutions and local non-finances were conducted.
 in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-storey single-storeyers in many apartments.
 it is crucial that, in the future, it is essential that the multilateral cooperation will be feasible in the future.
 the culprit was subsequently arrested and sentenced to theft.
 concern was expressed for the contribution to the humanitarian relief in the region.
 in the case, the prosecutor has issued a appeal to the french chamber, which was sent to france.
 the trend of the slowdown in these countries creates deep concern about the economic progress and stability of social stability.
 the week is one or seven days.
 our socialist countries, through the united nations, has entered the world, and with the north-south and north-west countries.
 thirdly, particular emphasis was placed on local, enterprises and the public in the implementation of sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a crucial role to make information and communication technologies to develop the development efforts of developing countries.
 he said: " i don't understand any sword, " he said. "
 (15) of the international perspectives in both words and thinking.
 the terrorist attacks on 11 september has been 2 months since the terrorist attacks.
 the chinese ministry of agriculture said that the measures of the national defence control and control of the high-production of bird flu.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of the united nations peacekeeping force would improve the situation in order to prevent the misuse of a violent problem.
 however, in this critical point of action, it is important that the coalition must be clearly confirmed and the enemy.
 i am extremely hopeful that the administration can be able to make a rational dialogue with different voices.
 one speaker on behalf of the african group commended unifem as a response to the efforts of unifem.
 the chinese government intends to launch a final plan in early next year, with 13 coal " bases in the country.
 at the end of the eyes, this gui river's tide is the beginning of the river.
 as part of the work of the day-to-day supervision exercise, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card of the credit cards.
 in our country, arab language is the 2 official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued either by the head of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the contents of the public are also concerned about statistical developments in the community.
 the overwhelming majority of the member states have shown that they are tending to increase the tendency to increase the permanent and non-permanent members of the council.
 customers can be sold for sale within six months ' six months ' time and will be sold on sale.
 following the visit, the deputy secretary of the bureau of the bureau, mr joseph wong, went to visit the secretary for the bureau of education and bureau officials.
 in 196, hong kong has become a director of the foundation.
 the contribution of voters and electoral activities could not be easy to determine the extent of which the judges could arise.
 the south pacific states members of the united nations states that the announcement of france's announcement was intended to resume nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the age of age is 15 years old.
 the service is $ 20 each.
 the bulldozers went home, and there are still residents in many cases.
 these actions are to be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officers, and humanitarian and peacekeepers and the public.
 as a matter of fact, i have to contact the relevant members of the european parliament.
 at present, there is a rapid change in the concept of national sovereignty, national security, security and peace.
 such enquiries can be used to ascertain the real responsibility of the genuine responsibility for the purpose of outer space.
 at the 1st meeting, at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen.
 the committee affirms that the process of strengthening the rule of law and the consolidation of the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the establishment of such a body.
 bakers and houses have been destroyed and the israeli army arrived at the scene.
 the structure of the text is more sophisticated and simple.
 this sustained high house prices, not only the ordinary people, but also the high priority of the government authorities and experts.
 he did not talk about, and let's take a look at the heart of heart.
 it is not possible for those who have professional awareness among those who have professional expertise in politics.
 as the saying goes, the saying goes.
 the great majority of the national party's party won it that it would be expected to speed up the new millennium democratic party.
 in the past days ago, there is a resurgence in the light of the sun.
 the mainland is open to taiwan's tourism, and local operators have expressed optimism.
 the most common aspect of the existence of self-interference is the freedom of navigation and the adoption of the zone of the territorial sea, the zone of the zone.
 the spokesman advised the public to report to the police as soon as possible.
 mr chan was officially elected as director-general of the world health organization on november 9, becoming the first chinese people in the united nations specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the absence of the international covenant, it is in accordance with the international covenant on law on extradition.
 the universal declaration of human rights was adopted by the general assembly of the united nations general assembly on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the constitution of the slovenian constitution, in particular, guarantees the human rights of women in particular.
 eh, on this occasion, there is no black stone in the world.
 the non-discrimination principle therefore became a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating a history of history, and this process has been beginning to begin in a multiple and political difficulties.
 since the government gazetted on the internet, the printer web pages from april to november increased from 6 from april to november.
 there has been such a situation in the former case or in the case of the commission.
 the state party may wish to address the category in the near future.
 the results of the work of the committee will depend on the ability of its members and the commissions of the commission.
 the letter of authorisation registration has been confirmed by the original school.
 the contract has been signed, working group and the provision of travel services to the quality of services in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we are seeking " quality " does not mean that we do not think it is not important.
 the democratic republic of the congo generally felt that the international community has not been able to terminate the conflict.
 one of the user requirements is to assess the damage caused by floods for crop and infrastructure.
 as a result, the government will be able to advance in advance of the co-operation of the hong kong internal exchanges and clearing mergers.
 with regard to the mano river union, the regional office must assist the implementation of the three ministers in september and october.
 the offence and the maximum limits of killings, the lowest and the maximum penalty of killings, the lowest and the maximum penalty is 1<unk>3.
 initial investigations revealed that the bullet was fired.
 in the waiting time, the waiting time in the analysis of the waiting time is likely to be divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main reasons for the spread of aids.
 as an example, it's a product of a modern era.
 this would allow to ensure peace and harmony, and together promote the development of different peoples and cultures of the world.
 in the prices of food prices, i do not know what the business sector can do anything.
 this will not only enhance the ability of hong kong to produce film services in hong kong. "
 i would like to understand that we really have a sense of genuine confidence in the real future, which has finally arrived at 17 years.
 in the case of good health, the symptoms are mainly smaller than a minor.
 coordination with the united nations with the relevant bodies of the united nations is also appropriate.
 in the face of the market in the market, parents can make a lot of more suitable for personal information.
 if it is more than double-digit, the consequences are very serious.
 in those cases where resettlement is not possible, the elderly and laos will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the system in the new system has been well carried out in 1999.
 at the same time, the maintenance of nuclear tests in the light of the ctbt is essential.
 article 31 of the basic law provides that hong kong residents have travel and immigration.
 they also felt that this could lead to a precedent which lead to all types of vessels to be issued by the notification.
 right.
 since the government has been aware of the problem, it was also heard that the government will never give legal advice to the public.
 as at august 1997, 34 chinese state-owned enterprises listed in hong kong through a total of $ 700000000000 in hong kong.
 so far, the air and land-tacked assets of monuc has transported more than 30 tons of relief items.
 the committee expresses appreciation to the committee on the challenges of globalization and new technologies to the 21 century in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women is reflected in the gap between men and women.
 on the other hand, it was impossible to engage in trade in egypt.
 madam president, the procession, in fact, is not always the right of a people.
 the delay would affect the credibility of some speakers.
 146. the private sector and the foundations of foundations have increased significantly in cooperation with the united nations.
 there are no other comments <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 i am extremely excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one of which is to be found to be the israelis.
 owing to the limited time limit, i have not been able to achieve all of the services.
 the recent political developments in recent days seem to be a worry about the early settlement of the problem in hong kong.
 the model component includes the development of model models for the development of 3-3 per cent of the three-3 per cent of the gulfs.
 9 of the percentage points of a percentage point increase from currency exchange rates.
 typically illicit arms transactions are being carried out in the areas of control of arms and exporting facilities.
 switzerland has never been tolerated against the financial system of terrorism, and in future, they do so.
 most of the job-based graduates can apply for holding diplomas or places.
 the main value of the construction works in the 3 quarter of 1999 is shown in schedule.
 with regard to the functions of the commission's functions, please see the provisions of the financial and capital markets commission.
 it is hoped that in the near future, it is hoped that in the near future, it is hoped that in the near future.
 the commonwealth of civil society is a great complement and support for the official activities of the commonwealth.
 the chinese delegation believes that the current international nuclear disarmament effort is now moving towards ho's footblocks, and the outlook for future prospects.
 because mr leung yiu-chung has more time, so i have made it more good. therefore, i would like to make my support.
 the observer for the indian, africa and the inter-american cultural association believes that the non-democratic population should be recognized by argentina.
 " in the next three years, we plan to carry out their views on the performance of the university.
 we are not talking about the version of the chinese side. it is very likely that the hong kong special administrative region is an excuse for the mainland.
 in new york, the commissioner was held in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, in the model law, the model law establishes the criteria for which the parties (e.e., relying on both sides and certification services)
 as a result, the gap between the implementation of the national programme is therefore very low.
 the committee will consider specific topics for consideration.
 " the sar warmly supports the mainland as soon as possible.
 for example, the sub-saharan africa of sub-saharan africa only was only a telephone.
 the press respects the dignity and reputation of the personnel and the dignity and reputation of the organizations.
 the israeli authorities have also been closed on several occasions in the gaza strip and egypt, with a number of days.
 owing to the speed up of unloading, there is a reduction in the cost of transport costs, and all departments are benefited.
 as chao-yen, who is a printer or appelling.
 2. 2 is the ability of knowledge, technology and entrepreneurial ability to come to hong kong.
 she would like to do what you can do, such as radios, television, balancing, singing, singing, singing, singing and bullet.
 to talk about taiwan's growing children, it is very difficult to see their impact on their impact on them.
 the cost of the costs can be calculated on the basis of the value of higher value.
 as a matter of fact, the secretary for housing asked me to talk about what is not relations with the redevelopment area.
 an independent expert group was entrusted to an independent expert and encouraged the consultants to work in open and transparent manner.
 i have not listened to such reports, but often heard such reports.
 (a) the company's view is that the use of standard application application forms are required for the use of standard application forms.
 in the film of film, there is a lot of people's " love and love. "
 the united nations will face a test.
 the director of health, mr health, said that some four years can be reached.
 it is difficult.
 in the department's central institutions, women accounted for more than 50 per cent of the existing staff and 1<unk>3 of them.
 the court considered that the buyer did not fulfil its obligations on the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region shall be channelled by the commission on human rights and the commission on human rights.
 if 159 members of the draft sponsorship of the draft sponsorship of the draft resolution will create a record: this will be the real olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 recently, the sfc has recently made a report on the status of financial centres in hong kong this year.
 the conference was considered that the election of the general assembly is the prerogative of the general assembly, rather than the privileges of the security council.
 as a result, tourists can also return back to a few times in modern civilization.
 we have set up a big goal, and hong kong has developed a international city in asia.
 the director of social welfare, mr stephen lam, and the fund management committee of the department of social welfare, and the fund management committee of the fund.
 the honourable mrs selina chow proposes to strengthen the use of the " juvenile police ".
 there has been a breakthrough in overseas markets.
 with regard to the amendment proposed by mr lee cheuk-yan, i would like to point out that he is actually misleading.
 shanghai is similar to the import and export company of zhejiang, zhejiang province and the above-mentioned situation.
 the hong kong ships companies in hong kong, such as the business industry, will be able to comply with the commercial decisions of the ship.
 the government and people of sierra leone have been helping to consolidate peace in the civil war after the eight-year civil war.
 according to he said, history is true.
 the national development framework of the transitional government illustrates the role of the state in economic and social development.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider expanding the terms of reference of the employment service to cover all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, without this impetus, and international support will be invalid.
 industrialization partners still need to do many work, reducing tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica pointed out that the delegation had been very active in its mandate since the membership of the committee.
 israel is proud of the ancient traditions of traditional traditions with the whole world.
 <unk> the director of the services department, mr. choi, will be director of the information services department on january 7, 2002.
 the dancers watches the gods of fresh flowers, and then re-examined the audience.
 the situation in the united nations society is most worrying.
 thus, as a result of emergency treatment, she said that the child has been infected with a small child.
 the questionnaire has been sent to all programmes and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the traditional beauty of the chinese, the team will take a look at the world.
 the aim is to provide pressure on 3-party pressures and peace-building in order to secure ethiopia's war.
 a 3 alarm fire broke out today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, people from the community, should not allow the people to come back to the past, and they should be able to encourage us to look at the next.
 we should not forget that these are not wasteless.
 on the contrary, the university degree in local universities will increase in the coming year.
 i have recently visited the inhabitants of the population.
 a copy of the copies of the prosecutor or the person shall be sent to those written statements.
 qin chin-sheng said that james soong arrived on may 5, he will arrive in beijing and hu jintao on may 5.
 the committee also notes that the additional information was provided during the consideration of the report during the reporting period.
 a major train accident took place on the 22 day of the north korean county station, northway.
 the activities of the activities of the special rapporteur also include a wide range of information on civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 i really cannot agree with the mood of the people of hong kong.
 the international trafficking act, however, is also related to other areas, including the clothing industry, agriculture and construction.
 i am not a protest against the people, but i have frequently heard religions.
 as a result, i am afraid that only the chinese government will be eligible to be eligible for the hksar government in the future.
 we need to assess the impact of the election of the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. qin zhenhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have partly implemented some of its provisions in some parts of its implementation, particularly for mine clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america is 12 percent per year.
 the unemployed is reduced to 1930000, and the first time for the first time in four years.
 in the financial year 2004, the us import and export bank has provided financial assistance to us$ 17800000000 in the world.
 a two informal meeting will be held on thursday, 5 june and 6 june on thursday, 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the law to take legal action on the pollution of the old-of-the-liberment plant.
 the establishment of a total of 36 posts, 18 posts were set up in the office of the operation, and 18 posts were incurred by the regular budget.
 in taiwan, his " 3 way " is the main reference for chen shui-bian's government ".
 right, there is a graphic sword on the double-edged sword, and there are zhang charts, um.
 in addition, the transport department has increased daily checks on a daily basis, ranging from 8 to 12.
 as for political and religious freedom, not only writes in the constitution but also written in other documents.
 i wish to draw the attention of the council to the attention of the council and the external debt of the central african republic.
 if i wish to take part in the site, the meeting was 2105 rooms in the united states congress.
 the records of the record shall be extended to 3 years since he has made a summary.
 china has a lot of 20000000 people.
 a large number of bangkok people are ready to be prepared by the wto center of the bangkok centre in bangkok.
 we fully support the similar statement made by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis from urban taxis can be able to drop off the carpark and loading at home-bound car parks.
 the transfer of the conventional arms transfer of conventional arms is a transparent measure of transparency between sovereign states.
 according to the latest figures, some local employers have continued to streamline staff because of the slowdown in economic growth and uncertainty uncertainty.
 it needs the consensus of the society.
 the penalty only applies only to the citizens of the czech republic, but there is no access to refugee status.
 when i went to that child, i have a great deal with a great deal with the campaign.
 the international seminar on human rights and the rights of the people of human rights also participated in the international seminar.
 the process of gender differences and inequalities affecting the risk of risks are not fully available.
 the conservative estimate of these technology applications can be able to reach a total of $ 300000000 in the commercial applications.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members (bb) for a period of two years from january next year.
 the 3 category is of particular concern to the elderly.
 " the east asian region has all along accumulated its financial surplus and should also be added to the use of them. "
 the swd has contacted chen ching-ling family, providing counselling counselling.
 the maximum cost of accommodation for the state is about 80 per cent.
 these developments exacerbated the strategic changes in the post-cold-war era.
 there seems to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor camps.
 there is almost no place where there is no place to accommodate these people, resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops are still not invited to join the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to improving the recruitment of recruitment, remuneration, training, training and management of the police are also applicable to prison staff.
 " the inspection also found that the bridge is sufficient to meet traffic, public utility facilities and other materials. "
 now, after nearly 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been entered or was reflected in a number of international conventions.
 the buildings of the buildings were in place at the same time.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 ballot.
 i wish hong kong's happy sunshine.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong has been the main part of economic development.
 therefore, we first emphasize the fact that the nuclear powers under the comprehensive test-ban treaty was concluded in 1996.
 by contrast, the united states's largest internet service providers have only maintained a high rate of over 20 users.
 since the opening of the reform and reform of the country, small and medium-sized enterprises have made significant contributions to achieve a wealthy, social stability strategy.
 as a result of the warm warmer warm warmer of the country, it will be long for three years to five and 60 cents.
 i hope that during the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general can be able to celebrate the current hall this hall.
 <unk> there is no provision for the guardian of the guardian to abandon the guardian of the guardian of the re-appointment.
 for example, the agreed measures agreed to include a uniform document of a uniform document on the region of the region.
 it is very difficult to say that it is very difficult for friends.
 mr howard young: madam president, workers are unemployed, employment, employment and a difficult problem.
 " even if they enter into taiwan, you should not abandon the " live opera ", " says chu, ".
 otherwise, the draft articles will lose its actual role.
 as a result, the average rate of inflation in last year was a source of great concern.
 that is to say, no longer want to let the people of hong kong and taiwan's veterinary school in hong kong.
 these greek cypriots are the age of 66.
 the economic experts of the company also raised similar forecasts for the last weekend.
 the project can also be allowed to understand the complementarity of cultural diversity and maintenance of such diversity as well as interest.
 in view of the large number of new cases, the government is considering whether there is a need to increase the number of loans.
 the above-mentioned assets is based on the basis of the procedure of the criminal procedure and shall be chaired by the judges.
 thus, it is only that students who die to death is the only way to do so.
 access to basic medical medical supplies for unrwa-care facilities in unrwa is based on basic medical medical supplies.
 it was not only redististed to redistribution.
 in this subject, the meeting sought to remind people to death or maimed on a 20-minute basis.
 when they arrived at the neighbouring islands, some crafts could be purchased.
 motorists are advised to conduct traffic instructors and comply with the police officers at the scene.
 the conclusion of this conclusion was surprising, because of the failure to pay for the payment of the defence of the defence counsel.
 with the assistance of the ilo, the government of benin is considering the possibility of enlargement of the existing social security system and the possibility of personal scope.
 the amputation of the amputation of a life-long marking and their ability to work on their activities will affect their activities.
 in 2001, the united states, japan, the united states, the united states and a number of developing countries.
 after the implementation of the scheme, it is expected that many colleagues will take the first time for lifelong learning.
 he was said to have been subjected to his father after his father's written complaint to his father.
 other members of the narcotics bureau of narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 as a matter of fact, the only place for low-skilled employment opportunities increased to the lower service sector.
 this project indicates that the current small-scale enterprises-based approach was based on the policy experience and performance of credit subsidies.
 just now, mrs miriam lau claimed that the " youth charter " of the youth charter.
 the three men were arrested for conspiracy to deception of money.
 they shall be open to a step-out market for monetary, financial, trade, trade and other policies.
 from the international moral and international law, it is impossible for us to support the united states and the united states to war against iraq.
 the real development concept should include full respect for all universal universal recognition of human rights.
 state practice has shown that there had been a significant difference in the length of the option of the option.
 the islamic state of afghanistan looked forward to the agenda of the security council for its consideration of the agenda, which would also be re-examined.
 countries have achieved considerable reduction in poverty in poverty, although in asia's economic crisis.
 as a result, some of the countries of the poor are not available.
 recognizing the role of neighbouring countries in the security and economic sphere.
 the security council expresses its deep concern at the deterioration in the situation in and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the 9 temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department was closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to this end, it should be committed to the achievement of a number of generations to join each other.
 <unk>
 a veterinary officer was also briefed at the scene, which confirmed that all chickens were not infected with bird flu.
 the secretariat's analysis has been verified by a number of missions surveyings and verifying self-sufficient rates.
 with the floods of the northwest new territories, there is a need to promote shenzhen river project.
 capitalism in no legal and ethical norms have often caused drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 chen chao-chih, who was officially entered into the emperor's biggest work, has been able to take up the wall.
 the one-way traffic in hong kong and hong kong will be shortened at about 40 minutes.
 the report reports that the situation of deterioration in the economic deterioration of the palestinian territories was generally comprehensive.
 <unk> not a large amount of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 were shot and 38 individuals were shot dead.
 in the working group, working with international human rights services, the minority rights groups have been able to address these issues in 1997.
 28 immigration officers are located in sham shui po in a total of 13 targets in sham shui po.
 therefore, the contracting authority would be preferable to consider the need for the control of changes.
 economic growth in the developed and developing countries, as well as economic economies, are very important in trade and foreign exchange earnings.
 according to the same source, more than 800 reports were reportedly killed by the communist party of the nepaln communist party (nistist) in the police.
 in accordance with a legal paragraph 22, the legislation is liable to legal liability under the legislation.
 mr president, the question of the hydiculation of the town of jordan, mr. president, will be able to solve the problem of the problem.
 over 200 million children in the 1990s have lost permanent disability or severely injured in armed conflict.
 this will also be very helpful in the development of democracy and development.
 essentially, this is a tangible responsibility for the government in the area of development.
 a warning letter will be issued by the department's failure to make improvements or results in order to make improvements.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 moreover, we have once again received an international reputation as one of the most competitive and most competitive economies of the world.
 the highways department today (july 20) today (july 20) signed a contract with kinmen's construction company.
 i have honoured hong kong legislation to refer to 382 in the basic law.
 thirdly, pragmatic cooperation in the area of non-traditional security was carried out.
 the number of unemployment and underemployment conditions in most of the major sectors of the major industry and july may be stable.
 it is believed that this is not easy to make a quota system, but it will be possible to make more people with people with disabilities.
 in addition, australia is actively involved in the drafting of the negotiation of the international convention for the suppression of terrorism.
 the regulations, together with the construction of the factories and industrial operations, will effectively implement the protection scheme.
 this letter does not necessarily improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 we firmly believe that the secretary-general's report contains the right framework for the future of the united nations in east timor.
 in some areas of the world, the absolute number of people and the relative number of people are growth.
 " we expect to cooperate with the industry in this regard. "
 the state party submits that the same procedure should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of the darfur conflict is a dispute between the pads in the area with the land in crops and crop farming.
 the revised land has been reserved for the development of the fire services bureau and the open space of open space.
 otherwise, the international community might have no choice but only from liberia.
 as a result of the details of the detailed details, it also provides education for providing education for the promotion of language skills.
 when chen shui-shouted the waves of stabs, the waves of the shoess of the spectacture and time-to-substitution.
 as far as the jurisdiction is concerned, the recommendations of the garrison act on the law of the garrison is almost very similar.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of the establishment of the centre for the establishment of the centre is not to be encouraged to defend the defence.
 the chairman of the joint meeting wishes to be useful and will take follow-up actions on the recommendations.
 in addition, we will prepare for the review of the district boards after the 2003 elections.
 a vehicle vehicle located at 1 avenue, 1 avenue, is restricted to a special label for a special label for a special label.
 in the face of the move to the village, the villagers used a green tree, with more than 320000 trees.
 <unk> 25 <unk> the institute for the reform of the government of el salvador was established as the land transfer plan.
 according to the information provided, the advisory committee is not opposed to those posts.
 anyone who is the girl who is the girl or the girl or the girl is urged to contact mong kok police station and telephone 2398 69.
 in 1997, the institute designated a formal documentary agency in order to improve the quality and enhancement of productivity programmes.
 this morning, i would like to focus on two three issues in his statement.
 to this end, the importance of education and education is a necessary means and avenue for developing countries to promote social development.
 the ruf is not the army, and it has also affirmed that the command of the forces of the army.
 the field assets control system is aimed at the disposal of a series of audits in the assets of the united nations assets, that is, from initial procurement.
 but it is not possible.
 for security reasons, in order to protect the environment and to protect the environment, there must be no radioactive, non-confidence, non-conficiency, emissions and uncompleted.
 in the 14 century, treason has occurred in the common law system.
 worse, the threat to the destruction of nuclear weapons seems to be rooted in many people's brains.
 in the village, the village was scared to a cold war.
 the armed conflict in the darf region began in february last year.
 an international protection of human rights is a part of the international protection of human rights, and in particular respect for the plural system.
 the procedure for the procedure is confidential, in accordance with the rules, any document or address of the address.
 however, with the gradual recovery of the economy, it is believed that hong kong will pick up up in the future.
 the choice of the choice is the choice of whether or not the contract is purchased.
 efforts will continue to be made, but it will be a challenge.
 they tend to reindify their negative effects.
 at that time, governor patten was looking at the preparatory work of the election.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on friday, november 16, 2001.
 it may be disappointed, however, that only one of the accused have been sent to the tribunal for trial.
 to avoid conflicts, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially children, have lost their lives, and, in particular, their lives and ethnic boundaries.
 over $ 50000, including $ 50000, were seized in the operation.
 in recent years, there has been a rapid change in the world economy.
 these guidelines are set up on the website of the buildings department and has distributed all management companies and owners ' owners.
 they thought that they have been called technology technology and there is no scientific theoretical.
 in spite of the strengthening of the operations in the operations of the operation, progress has been hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at about 3 p.m. local time at about 3 p.m. local time, a car bomber was near the near city near the city.
 the security security security guards of senior officials of the session, as well as the security service, will receive special permits for special permits.
 information on the latest maps and the newly obtained images have been prompted to rescue agencies.
 the programme provides for 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children, without discrimination.
 however, the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations bodies have undertaken mine-clearance activities in its mandate.
 the royal government of cambodia is providing legal protection to hiv <unk> aids in cambodia and the protection of human rights.
 as a result, once again, the housing department will take a look at the housing department for further inspection.
 drop-out drop-out rates for secondary school is still higher than boys, at secondary school and universities.
 anti-conscalation and resurgence of a mac-trust and two-surfaced horses have no longer existed.
 there are no difficulties in the establishment and access of such private schools.
 however, it was not surprising that her decision had changed her decision.
 the number of warnings will be received from the transport department.
 that is always the hands of the united states in the united states.
 the chairman of the environmental capital cooperation agency; the senior advisor of the world bank of the world bank.
 if senior officials are interested in investment, it is not better to switch to the business.
 it should also take into account the spread of the international system for the past decade, particularly globalization and new technologies.
 in some cases, it cannot be said.
 there has been proposed sugar quotas in cuba by the us market.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to openly recruit suitable candidates.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but the day was also required to report back to the gendarmerie.
 mr pak cheung said the modernization of the hong kong special administrative region ordinance.
 the more voters will be voted, the more representative of our nation's congress.
 a distance of 400 kilometres a long place is about 13 minutes within 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough enough, they will be able to take a rest.
 this approach is a high-handed approach.
 the armed attack in december 1963 was a ethnic cleansing campaign against the turkish cypriot community.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that a model should also be included.
 we are contacting the canadian authorities and understand the details of the case before the court hearings.
 the chinese delegation expresses its appreciation to the delegation of appreciation for the work of the working group.
 no one has gone to him.
 with regard to the unstable situation of marriage, she asked how to identify the root causes of the family division.
 the fact is that the earth's environment is worse than one year ago.
 the government announced today (april 20) the appointment of the commission and the special adviser to the commission of innovation and technology.
 he will carry out major reforms in the future and the banking sector.
 as a result, the attention has been given to the attention of non-governmental organizations and other important groups to participate in all levels of activities.
 the delegation said that the majority of the majority was the result of external forces, without control of groups and individuals.
 " this accomplishments with dedication and continuous efforts in the past and the current efforts of our colleagues.
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the living standards of children and improve services, parents have to pay some costs in accordance with household income.
 there is, however, need to make further efforts in order to become more widely disseminated in order to improve the outcome of the public.
 those criminal activities cannot be allowed to support those criminals in support of these criminal acts.
 on july 26 this year, he saw a security guard to take up two burglary.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their actions.
 in the traditional business environment, the marketing officer can take care of his actual contact or contact with them.
 article 54 of the constitution stipulates that expatriates in the republic shall be protected by the law in accordance with the law.
 a three-year period of the member states of the european union have been consistent with the advice of the law and on 6 june 2000.
 the pfp <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 it reaffirmed the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region remains the continued weakness of the japanese economy.
 it is unrealistic to say that others have been saved by their own.
 it's not hard to sell them with a glocks, where it's hard to sell them in a glock.
 the fishing industry in taiwan has been a six-year history.
 while the international community has issued its condemnation, a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic society is being eliminated.
 in accordance with the regulatory framework and standards of the sfc, the hkma will implement the regulatory and regulatory functions.
 starving returned to the first time in the first time.
 we would like to see the real universality of the university of peace, which is a truly global mission.
 the population is estimated to be an important parameters for predictions and projections, as well as the planning and research in private and commercial sectors.
 earlier years ago, he was invited to attend the chinese new year evening.
 the united states government recognized the diplomatic bank accounts of the cuban bank accounts for diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, the rule of law is payable on the basis of a compulsory rule of law.
 in the competition, students had to cope with accidents such as power power, blacks, networkings, networkings, networkings and roses.
 we are now considering the views of the industry and implement proposals for the implementation of recommendations.
 the staff member visited undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill has no particular reference to the use of a concentration of loans and one or a company.
 it is also strange to say that chinese people have to make the name of the name of their name, but they are so big.
 staff members of the department of health had provided health care to the patient and to disinfect their home.
 i now turn to the question of post-conflict peace-building, in view of the current situation in our country.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to discuss the recommendations of the special rapporteur's recommendations.
 when focused on the necessary action, we refuse to go on a single side.
 we are watching the process of addressing the question of the question of palestine in the middle east.
 if members of the council agree with the consent of the council.
 these include a threat to the concept of a sovereign concept, which has been the driving force of technology.
 the maintenance and peace of the world is not free from the development of the international community.
 the state of emergency in a number of places in lima is renewed again on 15 december.
 following a few days after the occupation of mazar-sharif, the authorities began to send prisoners to other detention places.
 the unique nature of the missile is very useful to use threats, deterrence, coercion, self-defence and revenge.
 the government's policy has always been as far as possible, as possible, as possible, as possible, to support platforms as the application platform for the application system.
 in addition, there were 106 private child-care centres, which were also maintained at the present time.
 after this incident, both sides have adopted military action, but the frontline situation has no significant change.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a series of new novels.
 but some of the relevant departments will take immediate action.
 the expert commission could make a new image of new images (approximately 15000).
 the provision of a 10 per cent vacancy factor in the number of local hired persons included 10 per cent vacancy.
 the use of natural gas has also reduced the use of sulphur, nitrogen and carbon carbon emissions.
 the works will start in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, large-scale establishment units are more than 100 or more or more people in other sectors, with 50 or more or more.
 in accordance with article 23 of the penal code, article 23 of the sweden penal code, the maximum limits of the preparatory or complication of the offence is applicable.
 the general assembly recently adopted resolution 56<unk>282 of the non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the king of morocco was passed away from illness.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwandan operation of the rwandan operation and other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 63 were implemented by non-governmental organizations and the remaining 19 are organised by swd.
 in conclusion, i would like to mention the special concerns of two spain.
 if there is no loaded vehicle, the vehicle is not an offence.
 secondly, the capacity of the small and medium enterprises (the " smes ") is inadequate.
 8 days later, u.s.a.
 more than 2,200000 africans will be displayed at the hong kong park in hong kong from 13 to 16 pm.
 the survey will be provided to the entire territory of the entire territory, particularly in poverty, and in particular, in the context of poverty.
 one of the turbulents, one of which is to be a new game, is a new game for a new game.
 the abolition of the death penalty in 1993 is one of the major trends in the world respect for human rights.
 it is also known to be resistant to vomiting, underwor and other diseases.
 15 catholics and international charities were responsible for the humanitarian community, and many of the staff members of his country are reportedly executed in dili.
 in particular, he proposed that the legislation was revised in 1999 to empower the independence of more investigations and the independence of the competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china and south korea held in beijing.
 he will be a keynote speech at the luncheon of the hong kong trade development council and the french employers association.
 the international community can co-operate with the interests of each other.
 the ministry of finance was issued on 19 january 2001.
 he said: " the government's primary objective is to stabilize the property market and that property prices will not be big. "
 mr lau also seems to say that this remark <unk>
 the sponsor delegation said that the application of the proposal could be found on the 10 to 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any event, there is a need for stockpiling countries to collect data on their storage and production records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are the various relevant agencies.
 i remember that some people are used as " vested interests " and so on.
 i believe that many people will not agree with this view, but it will be in principle opposed to the proposed land agreement.
 in accordance with the contract, the relevant transport <unk> transport issues must be agreed upon by all regions of the region.
 the angolan armed forces also captured the attacks in the south-eastern part of the country and continues to be in the south-east of the country.
 in our decision we decided to extend the plan, we intend to continue to provide an impact on the impact of trade-related problems.
 they have adopted the model model, with the speedy speed of speed quickly, and the cost of the cost is $ 8000000000.
 the court was received by the government of the people's republic of china in 2001.
 such work will be assigned to the division and needs to be considered and approved by the specific circumstances.
 the police will take special arrangements on the hong kong island on january 6, so that they will be able to take special arrangements on hong kong island.
 the private sector is also given a fee of tuition fees for the student's economy.
 improving our relationship with egypt and egypt, as well as the restoration of multilateral negotiations, the common objectives of our region is indispensable.
 his strength was extremely strong, and he was very strong, and he was able to see the disease.
 some of the police officers will be asked about the question of the perpetrators.
 while the results indicate that it was not transported to medicine, the quality of drugs was obtained from a german company.
 it welcomes ukraine as a treaty of the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons (npt).
 israel has also continued to make the opening up of the al-qa al-saq al-saq al-saq al-saq al-saq al-saq al-saq al-saq al-saq al-saq al-saq al-saq al-saq al-sa
 in fact, after this year's spring festival holidays, the travel industry council has not received any complaints from visitors to travellers.
 " i believe you will become an important asset in the two places. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has depreciated the depreciation of a depreciation adjustment of the latter.
 so, if you are concerned about the right to protest, it can be said that, in any case, i agree to the spirit that we should not let us let down.
 the private car immediately drove the scene to tai chung road to kwai chung bridge.
 although it is very difficult, they are still in defence, saying that they are still in defence.
 governments have adopted various ways to control these monopolies.
 however, however, it is inappropriate to take into account their respective roles and missions.
 i believe it will also affect the future.
 the political situation of environmental problems have lost their winds and even did not have a level of development assistance.
 " our immunization system is like the army as it is the same as the army.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this led to the drop in groundwater in the gaza strip and led to salt water from sea to the east.
 i believe that this week of this assembly has demonstrated a strong vision of our common monrey of terror.
 i am also grateful to the secretary-general for appreciation and appreciation for his consideration of the report today.
 we need to perform this international responsibility.
 argentina, in its part, has adopted the reconstruction of democracy after the political instability of the political instability.
 the doors of the west is a lot of many legends of many legends.
 it is precisely the most important thing that you are familiar with the past.
 in fact, it is an important part of the united nations involvement in the oceans.
 in the history of history, there is no other child in the history of their children.
 the whole of peace is the entire continent, and the entire continent has a brighter and brightness. "
 as the chairman of the newly established, the chairman of the advisory committee, which has been laid down in the former ad hoc committee, is to be built.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become an instrument of moral means, and the aspirations of the entire international community.
 in recent years the cocaine seizures of heroin seizures in recent years reported a low range of 913 kca cocaine.
 to this end, pakistan supports the proposal of mexico and requested the united nations agencies to consider the request of the supplementary budget for the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (aps) has issued a detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant trade schemes.
 he then taken away from a police vehicle in a semi-indu state, and he died from the vehicle.
 with regard to the environment, the international efforts of protecting nature should be carried out more effective and more substantive.
 the secretary-general has already put forward the direction of the united nations.
 there is also a need to make more clear user users, and assess the results of work.
 mr chan kam-lam said that his statement is more than my short, but i would now like to speak more than his short.
 lithuania also attaches great importance to the role of other international forums in dealing with counter-terrorism issues.
 the united states of the united states was overthrown by the court of appeal to the u.s. the u.s. 11.
 with regard to this, more than 30000 displaced persons and displaced persons in the northern part of the province and the northern part of katanga province were not assistance.
 as a result of the fighting in the fighting and air strikes in kabul, part of the international group had to leave the city.
 in response to the present economic situation, we also urge the government to consider the feasibility of reducing the feasibility of pre-trial training.
 at best, i can only put it out on the ground that the government is simply not in a good way.
 at present, the operating budget of the present totalled us$ 40 per year.
 on 31 december, the amount of 10 per cent of non-us dollar payments were set up to offset the floating floating of the exchange rate.
 the views of the presidency and mrs.
 the world trade conference will be held in seattle and could be a forum forum.
 speaking on the above-mentioned 1 issue, the language of university graduates and professional groups should meet the basic capabilities of the language ".
 therefore, in order to make the so-called unanimous expression, a more enriched language, a more enriched language.
 periodic and 7-6 minutes the images of cp-6 and 7 (30 minutes).
 any person affected by the amendment may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24 this year.
 with regard to the specific components of the ordinance, the hkpa is basically favourable.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of ecuador climbed to the growth of 2<unk>3 and colombian.
 recently, the recent example is to build a plural court court, which involves the complete dispute in country park.
 the content of a wide range of items envisaged are contained in article 11 of the model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong surveyors institute of hong kong's surveyors will be on a workshop on the workshop on the workshop.
 the 12 juveniles in june 15 were also released on bail pending further enquiries.
 on all levels, the problem has frequently been made to the foreign ministry of foreign affairs, but there is no progress at present.
 the regional security system has expanded its ability to collect information on counter-terrorism activities in the caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how to choose the choice of non-governmental organizations, which provided information and committee how to use them.
 to safeguard the interests of consumers, i would like to raise this motion debate.
 turkey supports the support of the director-general's policy to encourage the policy of encouraging financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 this is the 15 different countries of the country.
 in accordance with the signing of international treaties, the provision of legal assistance under the provisions of the treaty.
 these realities must be addressed to ensure that the remaining 70000 people are able to return to their homes.
 there is no change in the list of state lists and direct victims directly to the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-chung will move an amendment to hon tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, it was also observed that the construction industry, together with the transport and transport industry.
 as a result of budgetary constraints, there are a number of restrictions on the cost and expenditure of the appointments.
 this is an exception that must have a period of time and cannot be punishable.
 on the weekend's day, the local people's parents are able to go to the children's parents, and traffic has been blocked.
 the bank did not want to take one another thing that the government instructs to deal with its business.
 for enquiries, please call 2461119 939; please call 2734 9009.
 therefore, taiwan's taiwan strait can study the study of a unit.
 section 1 of the georgia penal code section of the georgian penal code elaborated the procedure for the assets (bank bank accounts).
 " in addition to the case, we also believe that there is a need to expand and traffic. "
 with the establishment of the united nations, albania has been one of the most saddened dictatorship experienced by albania in the continent.
 we do not in favour of pressure on a solution to the north korean nuclear issue.
 then you will ask why i did not <unk>
 he was released on a few days after he was detained by the indian army.
 investigations by traffic investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are proceeding.
 finland will participate actively in the efforts of the conference, a global, effective treaty on anti-personnel landmines.
 furthermore, article 13 to 18 should be considered by the reference to the international institutional system in reference to article 13 to 18.
 1970-1976 counsellor of the soviet embassy in italy.
 legal activities on the legal activities of the conflict should be developed in the context of self-defence.
 the prerequisite should be that the provisions should be fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 all flats sold in the home ownership scheme will be available for sale at home ownership scheme.
 in the same period, the number of births in hong kong was 5300 persons, while the number of deaths was 32000.
 however, i would like to deal with it, because the treatment of this issue reflects the interest of history and people in the balkans.
 at the time of the future of hong kong, the chinese side said: " the chinese people can do it. "
 more than any other group, they need families, social and government care and care.
 according to reports, these foods have been exported to food in other places, and then as clean food re-exports.
 with regard to the choice of the children of children, luxembourg has been retained at the time of ratification of the convention.
 they also discussed and agreed to stop arms into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should seriously discuss with the industry to listen to their views.
 as a matter of view, i would also like to go to all the victims of the past 10 years.
 ni kuang talk about women.
 the overall plan focused on assisting girls and women to improve their self-esteem.
 he strongly reaffirmed that the administration and palau are determined to preserve the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the chinese communist party's national secretary of the chinese communist party went to a revolution with the revolutionary revolution.
 as a result of promoting the promotion of chickens, there have been a farmer's farmer.
 the advisory committee requests a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding.
 in this context, the committee has worked hard to understand the full use of iraq's entirety.
 the special rapporteur has visited rwanda.
 the people have lost fighting.
 the main reason for the unexploded balance of unutilized balance was the termination of the programme.
 moreover, as a member of the international donor countries, we will continue to provide direct contributions to the palestinians.
 activities of scientific research and practical applications should be strengthened.
 according to the basic law, all permanent members of the hong kong special administrative region enjoy the election and elected power.
 the bulk of the 40 enterprises in the services industry amounted to $ 216000 in the reporting period, creating or save 79 work.
 in early june, members of the council were involved in the drafting of the nuclear tests conducted by india and pakistan in may.
 i take this opportunity to thank the friendly countries, international organizations and the united nations themselves to provide assistance to our country.
 we have encouraged friends to understand their own poor and honestly.
 after a few months, this storm has also affected hong kong, which is a very painful period of painful adjustment.
 ah, it was closed to be closed yesterday.
 after protests, some of the people of the people were emotionally emotional.
 the work of the work programme (see annex 4) was formulated only in recent years.
 i think it is the most important respect for the civil service to come to the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the change in the pension system, and the impact of women's impact on women was not big.
 (c) office commanders office: the office of the commander of the office: as a result of the dissemination of information transmitted by the office, a reduction of two local level posts.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the expected increase in the world economy and international trade.
 the social development division and the family and family support division, the family development division and the family and family support division, has launched a national family, exhibition and similar activities.
 " the exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should have the same emphasis on the same position, with the same emphasis on a fair and equal manner.
 while some of these positive difficulties, these positive developments have been achieved in its numbers and diversity indicated that conflict prevention is a strategy.
 similar to the provisions of the joint declaration was also seen in article 122 of the basic law.
 he was kicked to me.
 the dollar deposits increased slightly by 0.6<unk> in december and november.
 the committee wished to know the findings of the incident.
 however, women's participation in the social capacity of women depends on economic and social resources and their legal rights.
 many of the discussion discussed by the general assembly and the committees reflect clearly the urgent problem of the common concern of the whole.
 they must end their despair and pain.
 " we will strive to preserve all hong kong's success. "
 in view of the position of position, the chinese side put forward a reasonable solution.
 after the us$ 2000000000, only $ 120000000 was used to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the rental index for the consumer price index (csd) reflects the increase in the rent for tenants.
 in the jurisdiction of such an approach, the jurisdiction of the area will be devoted to the original guarantee of the receipt of the proceeds.
 he believed that in the end of the beijing olympic games, china will definitely succeed in successful 2008 olympics.
 in the course of the recent recent session of the committee, the committee considered the key issue of productive employment.
 the measure of the economic measure of economic measure is that we will face a serious situation in the face of a general assessment.
 the maternity protection protection protection ordinance 2000 also prohibits the number of female workers from eight to 21 weeks.
 paraguay, the actual facilities of paraguay has made significant improvement in the river transit corridor to the 2 important transport route for transport.
 welcome to everyone.
 it is also agreed that the financial secretary also agreed to show that it would be possible to achieve as soon as possible.
 in the case of the public, the importance of the general assembly hall is also the subject of art.
 in most countries, the population is far better than the overall population growth.
 a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire.
 in addition, it was reported that the national archives of the state are reported on 12 may 1994.
 i am deeply honoured to officiate at the opening ceremony of the chinese space science and technology.
 they are disciplined by the discipline and conduct of their discipline.
 these recommendations have been given to the public's public opinion.
 a police spokesman stressed that there is no need for the public. "
 police appeal to members of the public who know the whereabouts of the missing person to contact investigating officers of regional missing missing east, kowloon east.
 in this connection, the committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the timetable for the system-wide meetings.
 the age of 74-year-old he was very good.
 this incident took place in close proximity to the path of immigration.
 the fact is the fact that the overall number of unemployment is a few times.
 this practice also deserved further consideration.
 in the century and this millennium, human beings have been seen as a result of the great achievement of human beings.
 mr deputy president, mr deputy president, i would like to say a few words about the subject of my amendment.
 90<unk> of the casualties in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 5. people will be used as a biotechnology revolution.
 i think it is important that the chinese government promised to introduce the basic law accuracy of the basic law.
 violations of these rights may be brought to the court of justice.
 the united nations is a suitable forum for addressing many of them.
 this money provides for the growing demand for the benefit of the people of iraq to food and medicine.
 note: the chinese charity fund and the chinese temple was set up after the 1968 temples ordinance.
 there is, in fact, a distinction between voluntary recruitment and compulsory recruitment of recruitment.
 on the first page of the day, i read this letter.
 at the same time, the inflation rate sustained high inflation rate, and it is expected that the inflation rate for this year will be almost 10 per cent.
 mr ip just mentioned that he saw a lot of voters in the legal profession.
 i would also like to agree with the proposed amendments to the reduction of a number of administrative provisions.
 there is no need for me to repeat here.
 the drafting of the session will be submitted to the conclusions and recommendations of the 1 session of the committee.
 the management system is a complex project that will have a profound impact on personnel, budgetary and financial operations.
 if you still do not know, they can buy a lot of friends with friends.
 to tie in with relevant measures, customs, fire services department, lands department and the planning department will conduct the above-mentioned verification exercise.
 mr. wang ying-ying (china) (spoke in chinese): i and other colleagues (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you, the president of the council.
 in addition, military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure safety.
 the text of the text is to make a number of political choices and rights after an internationally wrongful act.
 responding to the police officers, police officers conducted an investigation into the three rooms in the hotel in the hotel.
 they must accept their professional training, and their registration <unk> authority will be considered renewal.
 <unk>  <unk> <unk>  <unk> <unk>  <unk> <unk>  <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 however, these technical costs have been significant.
 i would like to say that he was a bit of heit him.
 the contradiction of the conflict in paragraph 3 of the operative paragraph was more obvious.
 the minimum age of duty is expected to benefit from every society.
 the view was expressed that the draft guide should address the remuneration of remuneration in the insolvency representative.
 i do not repeat the arguments that i would like to repeat the honourable loyal employees who wish to do so.
 in the absence of other speakers, the chairman of the chair should announce the end of the debate.
 he also said: " you often have the darkness and darkness. "
 i think that the ceiling should be made by the authorities in future, and there is no need for a decision to make a decision.
 the sisters were suffering from hunger and a night-night night.
 " we should continue to improve the standard of service, which is the expectations of our society.
 it is a major step forward in the future of the future.
 6. the members of the public are now strongly in favour of the adoption of a bill of rights in favour of the bill of rights.
 it seems that the government is " himself ".
 however, when the delegation went to new york, it came to new york, but prevented them into the united states.
 " the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will significantly slow down.
 the delegation believed that the court should be in line with some guidelines.
 in order to reduce funds in the short term, i think the government should actively implement the policy.
 the vienna convention on the vienna convention relates to multilateral covenants and agreements, including among other human rights treaties.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is creating a real democratic democratic democratic democratic democratic nation.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, rwandan soldiers were reportedly subjected to a 7, including five children.
 " we will submit a notice as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) the management of private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this makes the poor more vulnerable.
 we also think that hong kong's cultural life is a well-established city.
 in a number of countries, cross-border crossings, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange controls.
 more than 95<unk> of the salaries and personal income taxpayers are able to receive repayments within the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the sadness of the sadness and that japan must be done.
 preparations for the tenth anniversary, welfare and social development bureau of the sudan, welfare and social development bureau is responsible for the tenth anniversary.
 he was also responsible for the secretary-general of the administrative committee on administrative coordination and the chairman of the organization.
 the exhibition is an organization of italy and the department of public information on friday, 5 november.
 similarly, life expectancy (table 3 and chart v).
 secondly, it is a balance between administrative and legislative council.
 even if there were no public transport in the shelling, there were almost no work in the streets.
 this year, after all, is different.
 next, let us take a look at the bush administration in the past.
 in addition, members are able to observe the investigation of the capo's investigation.
 let me address me.
 despite good financial performance, a structural adjustment programme has not been able to achieve their targets in gdp.
 yes, a bit different.
 if we want the united nations, we must need the united nations to take a step by the united nations in the course of developments.
 in his budget, the financial secretary mentioned the " lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for repairing the works of the public housing authority which is responsible for repair works.
 after the election of the deputy president, i believe that this is the last meeting of the legislative council.
 " the figures for industrial accidents and accident rates have been downward trend.
 the croatian police officers are also able to carry out regular patrols on footing and vehicle patrols.
 mr cheung noted that the establishment of three " fundamental issues ", mr cheung pointed out that the board was misunderstanding.
 now, the united nations needs more support.
 before the implementation of the registration programme, all comments on the registration scheme will be carefully implemented.
 his excellency the president: mr martin lee, you are seeking advice and is not appropriate to answer questions.
 as a matter of fact, the government has already been " winds ".
 in the evening, he will go to the end of the 10-day visit in north america.
 exports from developing countries from developing countries increased from 22 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the website is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session, the tribunal decided to submit the matter to the states parties to the meeting of states parties.
 her her husband gave her shoes to her her her shoes.
 <unk> 152. despite the need to analyse data and quantity, the contents of the analysis of the data are relatively small.
 the report notes, however, that although the local market has food and specially, the purchasing power of the population is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee concurs with that view and recommended that the current rate of 2.7 per cent was retained.
 the results achieved by the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be the reason for the pre-sessional reasons.
 it has been recognized by the ad hoc group to recognize that " national security " is on the interests of the sovereign state.
 but the growth of hong kong's economy, however, has a lot of countries in the surplus.
 it should be so.
 under the under-secretary-general, the under-secretary-general has stated that the scope of the commission has not been determined.
 over the years, a large number of documents proved that owing to the lack of water supply, the cost of water has been paid.
 the treaty is limited to the prohibition of nuclear explosions, but the quality of nuclear weapons, the quality of nuclear testing, or production of new weapons.
 they told them that they were not able to receive the hospital.
 overall, it can be better than its part.
 (b) the clp has a full range of day-off hours on the day of the non-breaking period from january may this year.
 it is true that the green paper distorted the green paper.
 1993 became a member of china's appointments, and was a member of the institute of arbitration in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority is designed to strengthen the capacity of the national promotion and protection of the national protection and protection of the country.
 the average working group is about 5 hours per week of the age group.
 the phase will lead to the development of a single unification rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must use the use of international law as the most powerful.
 at present, the economic cooperation of science and technology has evolved, and the world is accelerated towards a multipolude.
 and there is also a difference between the chinese and western paintings.
 it's not discrehensible to do so.
 i have touched on response to the crisis in west africa.
 however, the fundamental fundamental commitment to peace and national reconciliation.
 china's exporters and investors have increased significantly in the activities of the european union.
 there are few indications of fiji.
 such a seminar will be very tired.
 there is a brazilian turtle, fushu, and kro rodents, with the most powerful species in taiwan.
 these women are also subject to discrimination on the basis of equal remuneration, or they are subjected to slavery.
 (a) the economic growth of more than 50 per cent of their economies are generally referring to developed countries.
 today, saint lucia has been a female state of state of state.
 sometimes, non-governmental organizations sought to influence a government.
 this phenomenon is the product of a new single single system in the other countries.
 recently, there have been a recent number of groups who have not been able to speak in 1988.
 however, as a result of the restoration of people, there will be a continuing resources for east timor, as well as a large number of refugees return.
 in the capital baghdad, a police officer was attacked by car bombs, killing at least 5 people and 19 injured.
 for a few months, the police have been charged with human rights violations and other irregularity or criminal acts.
 his election highlighted the advantages of his personality and his personal quality and in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is a " people-oriented business ", there is no need for the entire trade to survive.
 the line of a 10 cm shall be to 173 pairs of thren and 133 pairs of storeys.
 the words " revoking ".
 at the same time, the department has also been trained to deal with hawkers.
 in the case of non-stated security, the debtor should continue to be responsible for the maintenance and maintenance of the debtors.
 i am confident that these arrangements will be produced in the future in the future.
 however, in urgent terms, we have not yet seen any meaningful progress.
 during that time, the explosions occurred in the vicinity of the scene, but there were no casualties.
 the council has also started a new meeting of " mixed ", which is an open meeting of all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo pointed out that all measures had been taken to ensure that they are in the near future.
 as mentioned above, the document did not refer to the office.
 i accept the meaning of the secretary for constitutional affairs, which is because too close to the election.
 equitable distribution is equally important.
 two vacancies still need to be filled, and the meeting was suspended for the same day.
 the car parks for the visitors centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth in portfolio portfolio has remained steadily stable, and is greatly higher than the performance of corporate performance in the industry.
 many people have been able to enjoy the convenience of a small card.
 in mid-june of this year, mr lee went to japan in the 8 world conference on behalf of my country.
 the 3 least developed countries on the least developed countries will be held from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the development plan of ma wan island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will report to the secretariat as soon as possible, the details of these two units.
 the chairperson also stressed that the secretariat needs full participation in the preparation of background documents, including the preparation of background documents.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission for human settlements.
 new york, d.c. <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>x <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 xiao7 is well-being, and he was satisfied with the satisfaction and dedication of the female friend.
 " safety of safety in hong kong " is a keynote speech in hong kong.
 i would like to ask you one thing.
 the new advantages of hong kong's new airport is the most advanced radar and other technical instruments.
 in spite of the limited financial resources of families in economic difficulties, many of the smaller amounts can be made available.
 as regards the contents of the draft articles, the content of the draft draft is too complicated and needed to be shortened.
 this is not only because we have to defend the rule of law, but also as we want to preserve the united states of hong kong.
 the distribution of resources for the biennium 2002-2003 was table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has said, all states need to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the author is not opposed to the support of the university university students.
 at the age of 50 years, it was found that there was a change of appellant necessses, which is a change in its personality.
 the israeli occupying forces also raided all houses in the village after all houses of houses and burned another another.
 all those who have such symptoms are advised to consult the doctor so as early as early as early as early as possible and governance.
 child prostitution refers to the use of child prostitution in order to acquire or facilitate the use of children's use of children.
 these are all the achievements.
 meanwhile, the value of orders for the metal products industry increased further, and the year-on-year rate of increase was 2<unk>.
 it is important for african countries to face serious external debts, which account for the 1<unk>3 of these countries export earnings.
 after many hours and years of thought, we are now able to return to the first time.
 there are 14 panels of panels of panels of experts and members of their members, rather than national representatives.
 with regard to experts, the specialists are provided to provide more in-depth tactical training.
 the whole project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be allowed to replace the north-south cooperation and should be a complement to it.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is being collapsed and the traditional structure of the traditional family structure is undergoing many changes.
 in order to ensure the quality of the quality of chinese language textbooks, it has set up a chinese language textbooks.
 another another point is: " banks are doing best to do ", as long as there is a battle.
 they were said to have been injured.
 although the delegation of ethiopia appreciates unctad's role in this area, the topic had been given a leading role in the field.
 the military contingent of military contingents will assist those who might wish to interfere with the process of democratization.
 these policies, however, must be able to look at trade, health and management, as well as other priorities of other priorities.
 however, it was reported that the judicial authorities denied that the person had been transferred to the custody of the person who had been transferred to the whereabouts of the person.
 in order to avoid the unique interests of the funds being financed, political parties should be able to ensure that public finance activities should be controlled and transparent.
 it is expected that the background and exercise of the working group on the right to development is expected to be completed in 2000.
 unexpectedly, sun yun-yun has experienced numerous waves of waves of waves.
 the chairman of the medium-and medium-and medium-and medium-and medium-and medium-and medium-and medium-and medium-and medium-and medium-and medium-and medium-and medium-sized committee this morning has submitted the chief executive.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on tuesday, 20 november 2001 sydney.
 since the history of the new territories, a wide range of land in the new territories have only been regulated by collective officials.
 we welcome these areas in these areas.
 if computers do not " do so, " you don't want " to do so, " says how to tell it.
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces in iraq seems to be the sky of the sky, no matter how the authorities or the local people do not think.
 please be invited to explore the 5 series of new zealand's 3 series of new zealand's 3 series of new zealand.
 the draft guidelines adopted by the committee on 18 june 1998 was included in the provisions of resolution 111 (1998) of resolution 111 (1998).
 <unk> in the trial of the pilot system, it was suggested that the establishment of the contract is more than district and preservation.
 the television television broadcast a few programmes on this seminar, which helped to increase the public awareness of this issue.
 if a person is dissatisfied with the age of 65, there is a minimum wage of employment and income more than the minimum wage.
 in general, the information is not disclosed.
 he was well-established and has always been committed to the achievement of the achievement of the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent body to be reviewed immediately in accordance with the highest standards of international standards.
 " the labour department will find suitable vacancies for non-resident graduates to find suitable vacancies and help them. "
 as china has recently acceded to the world trade organization as well as 2008 olympic games, this cooperation is expected to have a significant increase in communications volume.
 recently, one of the scholars from the mainland, university of hong kong, attended a speech.
 overall, the existing system has played a checks and checks.
 he said that if theft was stolen, then he was also assured of the safety of thousands of people.
 kosovo serbs participate in the elections and demonstrated the importance of their right to self-government.
 this mark is the headquarters of the ruf.
 the retention of the " taipei city " signboard " is now available at the entrance of the new paintings.
 the request not to be disclosed, " said: " the government's official said: " it is entirely fabricable.
 new zealand, new zealand, was born in new zealand in 1944.
 in the traditional market, there are two chickens in the traditional market.
 details of the proposal, both in english and english, will be put up to the public for public inspection.
 the dpp has called for a new dpp movement.
 in the manufacturing sector, there is a lot of employees ' choice.
 the claimant provided the export credit guarantee for export credits and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed national plans for the implementation of the platform for action.
 the committee recommends more attention to the accuracy of the requirements of the requirements.
 according to the act of health, all persons in estonia have the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for resolving conflicts.
 the national daily also quoted the world bank's bank's world bank's office, said: " no one can know how much. "
 in the light of the " red tide ", the chinese people's publishing publishing publishing publication is published.
 madam president, today today, today's sun today, today's <unk> amp; quot; <unk>
 next, i might say that some comparisons are more open.
 the annex contained in annexes contained comments in the annex to the statute of the international court of justice.
 after the performance of the performance, the audience's reactions are very enthusiastic.
 in some instances, i can also refer some examples to the hospital authority's job-seekers.
 it is necessary to amend the approved ozp to reflect the latest development proposals in kowloon.
 actually, i went to chongqing.
 the group is supporting the efforts to ensure gender issues in the national census in 2001.
 she has a high degree of morality and the rights of all citizens.
 all relevant departments will be involved in the scheme, from prevention, to prevent the victims from prevention and prosecution.
 with regard to this obligation, the committee notes that in some cases the report would mention the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that more than 100 fighters of small arms ammunition can be carried out by some 100 fighters.
 secondly, the reduction of the situation has been reduced.
 let us first act on the draft resolution on the interests of the peoples of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to his family daughter.
 in addition, there has been no cash in the current peacekeeping fund.
 my delegation is also very grateful for the briefing by the under-secretary-general under-secretary-general for his briefing this morning.
 the decline in developing countries in developing countries is likely to trigger financial instability.
 an international seminar was held on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 the number of banks in hong kong has remained unchanged at 177.
 this is mainly attributed to a number of concepts that have been achieved over the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon of aids has led to the suffering suffering of children and orphans; the number of tribal conflicts have increased their suffering.
 in january this year in january this year, mr. sergei mello proposes that the general strengthening of the civilian police to handle the complexity of the complex operations.
 our assessment is that the conditions of return to sierra leone or liberia is now non-existent.
 the number of youth accounted for about 19 per cent of africa's population.
 at the same time, the situation in hong kong has developed countries, such as thailand, china, indonesia, korea and india.
 a typical consumers in the united states will spend more than 1000 hours in the life of their life.
 i think it must be borne in mind that the humanitarian situation in iraq must be borne in mind.
 this is a worthy of play.
 the office of the department of disarmament requested the department to assist the new formation of the member states to build financial commitments.
 the financial situation of our financial position is better than britain than british, and there is absolutely no need to suffice.
 in laden's last year, the last time was the end of 2004, but the deputy director of his deputy zawai has been high.
 the 4 field is the establishment of national institutions based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has established a working group on the reduction of the waste reduction programme, mr tam yiu-chung.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government did not respond to this matter. "
 hu is the day before the performance of a national music and music, which became a simple version of the national music.
 the gross surplus of the business services industry accounted for 17.2<unk> of the total receipts, a 1 point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict, children are in society in society, and children are required to care.
 the military attack against the civilian population of the bosnian serb forces carried out a daily escalation of human casualties every day.
 a spokesman for the department said that 56424 visits were completed in the field survey survey, representing a total response rate of 90<unk>.
 the chickens in the market have been tested and blood tested to the market prior to the market.
 he said that the secretariat would wish to provide guidance on whether to continue these practices.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres, totalling 10 kilometres and 5 kilometres to kuwait.
 all children who engage in family service work is more than 70 per cent of the girl.
 therefore, a number of measures have been introduced to ensure that the needs of women prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons for the prohibition of nuclear weapons for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (p. 91).
 taiwan's 1 division of taiwan's 1 round of taiwan is also because the war came to taiwan.
 the central meteorological station is expected to affect north china's north china region before the cold weather.
 the present section recalled the fact that the right to food can be the cause of the right to food.
 at the end of the 19 century, cattle was founding in taiwan.
 the penal code and criminal proceedings have been amended to enhance the legal system of the state.
 appropriate legal sanctions would be able to provide appropriate legal sanctions to comply with the appropriate legal sanctions, which will facilitate compliance with the manufacture of manufacture.
 the government and the business sector has launched a series of activities aimed at consolidating the international community's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the federal budget is too large and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 in the wake of the dinner, hong kong's hong kong ballet will be performed by the hong kong ballet.
 the director of home affairs, mrs selina chow, said: " all along, hong kong is a immigrant society.
 on 30 may, a new fighting took place between the army and the taliban in the north-western part of abdabade.
 the volume of computer systems in the computer system is also easy and a number of major issues related to other major issues.
 this document will be included in the council of the asean regional forum, indicating that there have been major developments in the security situation.
 every day, soldiers say that the goods were returned to the same day.
 " the more late implementation of the mpf system is the greater burden of the society. "
 the committee was informed that the replacement of the car from the united nations assistance mission in rwanda and the use of these vehicles are not costable.
 on the contrary, they often see the people of the people, such as the enemy, and the people's right to work.
 the railway system is an integral part of the quality of transport systems.
 under the provisions of the convention, it is recognized that troop-contributing countries were important partners in peacekeeping operations.
 i think this would be very sorry for me.
 through this election, we fully ensure that hong kong is an asset class.
 it seems that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, they did not use this procedure.
 it's not to follow the same path.
 the results of the assessment will be released in july.
 johnson's works have been on the face of 1940s, and over half a century ago.
 however, madam president, the bill today has a great question to this council, that is that the bill will be implemented within the transitional period.
 after he arrived at los angeles in the united states, sha tsui was arrested on this 3.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, briefed the 2 2002 and the future economy of hong kong.
 the economy also depends on energy resources, particularly natural gas production and processing.
 a number of experts indicated that statistics had not been able to respond to the size of the problem.
 therefore, we should choose different types of bricks in different types of different types.
 after the economic transformation and opening of the economy, china's implementation of the exchange rate of exchange rates have long arisen.
 in the context of the shanghai forum, bishkek has been established.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that it has changed.
 we will continue to persuade the young people to have a very negative impact on health.
 some of the results are as follows: apart from religious studies, social studies, sciences, mathematics, mathematics, agriculture and reading.
 the total revenue of this year's year is $ 10200000 for a total of $ 1200000, representing an increase of $ 825000, representing an increase of 24<unk>.
 these provisions should be done so far, and there is still discussions with the chinese side.
 non-financed items carried out by historical cost, based on other currencies, is the united nations operational rate for the transaction.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we are more than two consecutive years of service providers in hong kong. "
 after the incident, i know the doctor's friends have also expressed dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " there is a need to amend the plan to reflect the latest land use of the north-east of lantau. "
 this forced negotiations at that stage.
 to this end, assessed contributions of assessed contributions to member states must be paid on time, full and unconditional contributions.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 since the half of the century, mankind live in fear of persistent nuclear dangers.
 he said that as a matter of resolving these issues, the cabinet of cabinet, headed by the prime minister.
 if we are ready to get ready, the more time the more time the longer the time will be done.
 there is no other group of other groups that have been used as a separate place.
 the conduct of acts of conduct is comparable to a serious violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2. the key accounting policy of these financial statements will serve as the financial statements.
 among them, there will be a heavy rain in the southern part of yunxi in southern yun.
 the government and the government of the comoros were condolences to the families of the israeli government.
 undp has not yet undertaken a programme of undp trust to the structure of undp trust.
 the bureau of the bureau was chaired by the presidency of the state of mali, and ukraine and ukraine as vice-presidents.
 ohchr will promote the right to development at the centre of the right to development, plan, policy and operational activities.
 the vocational training council is currently holding an average of about 70 candidates, which may accommodate some 3000 candidates.
 after he escaped into the culprit, the victim's home entered the employer's sleep.
 the administration has announced today's day.
 for example, in the 3 phase of the 3 phase, it was late until it was late for the 1998 season.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the volume of printing has been reduced by 30 per cent.
